Exhibit C
## SHAREALEDGER, NFP
# TRAVEL & EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT POLICY

This is the Travel & Expense Reimbursement Policy of SHAREALEDGER, NFP, an Arizona nonprofit corporation (the “Corporation”) adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on April 30, 2021.  The policies set forth below shall apply to reimbursements submitted for payment by all members of the Board of Directors and all officers of the Corporation.

## Who May Be Reimbursed

Members of the Board of Directors, committees, special committees, officers, staff, and authorized representatives of the Corporation shall be reimbursed for expenses incurred while on Corporation business.  Expenses incurred other than in the normal scope of employment will not be reimbursed unless the activity is approved by the Board of Directors.  The policy of the Corporation is to reimburse for reasonable, ordinary, and necessary expenses incurred in connection with approved expenses or travel on behalf of the Corporation.

## Reimbursement Procedure

Requests for reimbursement of expenses shall be submitted on the Corporation’s Expense Reimbursement Statement within two weeks of completion of a trip or expenditure.  The requesting party shall explain in detail the circumstances applicable to all unusual items or amounts, including the purpose of the expenditures.  The requesting party shall attach to the Expense Reimbursement Statement copies of all receipts, including credit card charges, airfare purchased through the organization, travel agent, and applicable hotel charges.  The Corporation shall not pay any amount to a requesting party unless the amount paid would be deductible by the Corporation if he were a federal income tax paying entity.

## Reimbursable Transportation Expenses

The Corporation will reimburse transportation expenses at set forth below:
Airfare:  The-least expensive direct, nonstop commercial airfare in coach class will be reimbursable from the airport nearest the traveler’s home or office to the airport nearest the destination.  Airline reservations should be made at least thirty days in advance of travel unless circumstances prevent early reservations.  Detailed reservation reports should be sent to the Corporation’s business office in advance of any air travel.  Any additional expense related to companion travel is the responsibility of the traveler.  Preferred carriers may be utilized if the airfare is equivalent to the lowest fare available.  Mileage earned and compensation for denied flights awarded to the traveler while on the Corporation business is the property of the traveler and may be used at the traveler’s discretion.

**Automobile, train, or bus:**  Total reimbursable expenses, including expenses incurred en route, shall not exceed the cost of the fare.  Automobile expenses shall be reimbursed at the IRS’s then current mileage reimbursement rate. 

**Shuttle, taxi, personal automobile or other similar travel:**  Amounts spent to travel to and from the airport at the points of origin and destination, and taxi fare if essential for business purposes.

**Parking:**  Amounts spent to park a personal or corporate vehicle at the airport of origin and to park at the meeting site if travel by automobile is required.

## Lodging

The Corporation will reimburse for hotel or motel expenses paid or incurred to stay overnight at the single-room rate for days of meetings, including the night before and the night after if flight and meeting schedules make the stays necessary.

## Meals

The Corporation will reimburse the reasonable cost of meals while attending meetings and while traveling to and from the meeting site.  If, in addition, meals are purchased for others, the individuals must be identified as those for whom the Corporation has responsibility for such expenses; otherwise such expenses will not be reimbursed.

## Other Expenses

The Corporation will reimburse reasonable telephone and fax charges due to absence of traveler from the individual’s place of business and reasonable and necessary gratuities that are not covered under meals.  All tipping should be based on service and is at the discretion of the traveler.

## Saturday Night Stay

If the airfare saving for a Saturday night stay is greater than or equal to the lodging, meals, and other reimbursable expense for the additional day(s) stay, the traveler has the option to stay and be reimbursed for expenses (up to the saved amount) for the additional day(s).  A travel agent will assist the traveler in determining situations in which this option is available.

## Nonreimbursable Expenditures

The Corporation will not reimburse any of the following expenditures:
1.	Travel insurance
2.	First-class upgrades in air travel
3.	When lodging accommodations have been arranged by the Corporation and the traveler elects to stay elsewhere, reimbursement is made at an amount no higher than the rate negotiated by the Corporation, and reimbursement is not made for transportation between the alternate lodging and meeting site.
4.	If an individual accompanies the traveler, it is the responsibility of the traveler to determine the added cost for double occupancy and related expenses and to make the appropriate adjustment in the reimbursement request.
5.	Entertainment costs including movies, liquor, or bar costs.

# SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE

I, the undersigned officer of SHAREALEDGER, NFP, an Arizona nonprofit corporation (the “Corporation”), do hereby certify that the foregoing Travel & Expense Reimbursement Policy is a true and correct copy of the Travel & Expense Reimbursement Policy of the Corporation adopted by the affirmative vote of the Directors of the Corporation on April 30, 2021. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand on April 30, 2021.
[Signed]
Kip M. Twitchell
_______________________________
Kip Mack Twitchell, Secretary
