Exhibit G
## SHAREALEDGER, NFP
# EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION POLICY

Last Revised April 30, 2021

This is the Executive Compensation Policy of SHAREALEDGER, NFP, an Arizona nonprofit corporation (the “Corporation”) adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on April 30, 2021.  

## Program Philosophy and Objectives

The Corporation’s primary objective is to provide a reasonable and competitive executive total compensation opportunity consistent with market-based compensation practices for individuals possessing the experience and skills needed to improve the overall performance of the organization.

The organization’s executive compensation program is designed to:

•	Encourage the attraction and retention of high-caliber executives.

•	Provide a competitive total compensation package, including benefits.

•	Strongly support and further transition to a “pay for performance” culture through the use of incentives for key employees.

•	Reinforce the goals of the organization by supporting teamwork and collaboration.

•	Ensure that pay is perceived to be fair and equitable.

•	Be flexible to reward individual accomplishments as well as organizational success.

•	Ensure that the program is easy to explain, understand, and administer.

•	Balance the need to be competitive with the limits of available financial resources.

•	Ensure that the program complies with state and federal legislation.

## Program Market Position

While the Corporation focuses on comparable nonprofit organizations in our area to benchmark pay, it understands that the market for executive talent may be broader than this group.  Market information from two additional market segments, private foundations, and published not-for-profit compensation surveys may be used as a supplement.  In addition, the Corporation may also collect other published survey data, when appropriate, for for-profit organizations for specific functional competencies such as finance and human resources.  Together with data from the comparable local organizations, data from these market segments are used to form a “market composite” to assess the competitiveness of compensation.

In general, the Corporation intends to provide its executives with total compensation, including benefits, that are at the median of the market.  Compensation packages may be flexible so that compensation can be above or below the median based on experience, performance, and business need to attract and retain specific talent. 

## Method of Determining Compensation

The Board of Directors will determine the compensation and benefits of all, members of the Board of Directors, officers and key employees.  Their compensation package will be based on a competent salary survey that provides benchmarks for the position utilizing industry-specific reports and other studies.  During these deliberations, the Board of Directors may consider input obtained from other staff, professional advisors, grant recipients, and other informed community leaders.  No director, officer or key employee may be present when the Board of Directors discusses, considers or votes on the hiring, firing or compensation and other benefits payable with respect to that person.  The Board of Directors shall document and maintain records of its deliberations concerning the compensation payable to officers and key employees, including, but not limited to, data used to establish the compensation.

## Governance and Procedures

The Corporation’s executive compensation program is administered by the Board of Directors.  The Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining a competitive compensation program for the key executives of the organization.  The Board will meet as needed to review the compensation program and make recommendations for any changes to the this compensation policy, as appropriate.

The Board of Directors may conduct an annual review by an independent consulting firm to evaluate the organization’s executive compensation program against the competitive market.  The purpose of the evaluation would be to ensure that the compensation program falls within a reasonable range of competitive practices for comparable positions among similarly situated organizations.
 
# SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE

I, the undersigned officer of SHAREALEDGER, NFP, an Arizona nonprofit corporation (the “Corporation”), do hereby certify that the foregoing Executive Compensation Policy is a true and correct copy of the Executive Compensation Policy of the Corporation adopted by the affirmative vote of the Directors of the Corporation on April 30, 2021. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand on April 30, 2021.
[Signed]
Kip M. Twitchell
_______________________________
Kip Mack Twitchell, Secretary
