2022-03-31_I.Member_Terms_of_Use

## Exhibit I
# Website Terms of Use of SHAREALEDGER, NFP

Last Revised March 17, 2022

The following document is proposed to the board of directors for adoption as the definition of membership in Sharealedger.  It defines membership in Sharealedger, and the terms of that membership.

## In Summary
By using Sharealedger websites,you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions here.

Sharealedger and its websites provide a framework for discussion and group and user generated information to expand the knowledge base of financial system knowledge and innovation. Please note that articles, as well as any other user content on Sharealedger (such as blogs, directory content, forums, comments, etc.), do not reflect the views or endorsements of the Sharealedger Non-Profit Corporation, its staff, or its members. We recognize there may be inaccurate information reflected in this site and that users should understand that something that appears on Sharealedger does not mean the Sharealedger Non-Profit Corporation has vetted or endorsed that content.

Sharealedger reserves the editorial rights over all content on its website. If you don’t agree to these terms, don’t use this website or participate in Sharealedger activities. Violation of the terms in this document may result in the removal of the content and a warning from the site’s administrators. A second violation will result in the removal of your user account.

## Terms and Conditions of Use for Sharealedger’s Web Sites and Services
BY ACCESSING, BROWSING OR USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

This Web site is a service made available by Sharealedger, NFP and registered non-profit corporation in the State of Arizona, referred to herein as Sharealedger or Sharealedger. All software, documentation, information and/or other materials provided on and through this Web site (“Content”) may be used solely under the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”).

This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. The Content on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and may be changed or updated without notice. Sharealedger may also make improvements and/or changes to the Content at any time without notice.

Sharealedger and its members (“Members”) assume no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the Content and use of the Content is at the recipient’s own risk. Sharealedger and the Members provide no assurances that any reported problems with any Content will be resolved.

## Intellectual Property Rights
Except as otherwise provided, content on this site, including all materials posted by Sharealedger, is licensed under a Creative (Commons Attribution 4.0 License)[https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/].  Software and code contributed to Sharealedger is licensed under an (Apache 2.0 License)[https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0].  

All logos and trademarks contained on this Web site are and remain the property of their respective owners. No licenses or other rights in or to such logos and/or trademarks are granted. 

Except as otherwise expressly stated, by providing the Content, neither Sharealedger nor the Members grant any licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property rights.

## Users Submissions
Users are solely responsible for all materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, that users upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available on our sites (“User Content”).  Neither Sharealedger nor any of its Members shall be liable for any claims arising out of User Content.  You warrant that you have all rights needed to provide the User Content in accordance with these terms and all applicable laws or regulations.

Some Sharealedger Workgroups or other projects that may be hosted by Sharealedger may have license terms or Contributor Agreements that are specific to the Workgroup or project and may require Users to sign an agreement (such as a Contributor Agreement) assigning and/or licensing rights in submissions made to such Workgroup or project. In all such cases, and to the extent there is a conflict, those license terms or agreements take precedence over these Terms of Use. With respect to any User Content not governed by other Workgroup or project specific terms or agreements, you agree that the following non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free worldwide licenses shall apply:

- Code Submissions. User Content in the form of source or object code will be governed by the Apache 2.0 License.

- All Other Submissions. User Content that is not in the form of source or object code, including but not limited to white papers, dissertations, articles or other literary works, power point presentations, encyclopedias, anthologies, wikis, blogs, diagrams, drawings, sketches, photos or other images, audio content, video content and audiovisual materials, will be governed by the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0.

Sharealedger and the Members do not want to receive confidential information from you through this Web site. Please note that any information or material sent to Sharealedger or the Members will be deemed NOT to be confidential.

You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Web site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.

## Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
Sharealedger and the Members make no representations whatsoever about any other Web site that you may access through this Web site. When you access a non-Sharealedger Web site, even one that may contain the organization’s name or mark, please understand that it is independent from Sharealedger, and that Sharealedger and the Members have no control over the content on such Web site. In addition, a link to a non-Sharealedger Web site does not mean that Sharealedger or the Members endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such Web site.

It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.

IN NO EVENT WILL SHAREALEDGER AND/OR THE MEMBERS BE LIABLE TO YOU (AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY) OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RELATED TO ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPER LINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SALES, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SHAREALEDGER OR THE MEMBERS ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.

ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED BY SHAREALEDGER AND/OR THE MEMBERS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS ONLY. SHAREALEDGER AND THE MEMBERS PROVIDE NO REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS AND/OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

Sharealedger and the Members reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of these Terms of Use and to take any action they deem appropriate including, without limitation, reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information.

Sharealedger and the Members reserve the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular Internet address or account holder to this Web site.

## Privacy
Sharealedger is committed to protecting your privacy and the privacy of your personal data which we may collect, use and otherwise process. For more information regarding our data privacy practices, including details on our compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, please see our Privacy Policy.

## Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Sharealedger respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask users of our Web sites to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to our Web site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

## Notice and Procedure for Notifying Designated Agent of Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any material on this Web site infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, or that any link on this Web site directs users to another Web site that contains material that infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below. Notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Sharealedger Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement. Our Designated Agent may be reached as follows:

Legal Department
Sharealedger
4185 North Monticello Dr.
Florence Arizona 85132
Email: info@sharealedger.org
